Hello, my name is Kristin Womack. I am a data analyst with a strong background in Microsoft Excel, RStudio (R language), Python language, SQL Server, and Tableau, PowerBI, as well as experience with Visual Studio, Google Analytics, and some Microsoft Office applications. I have worked on various projects involving ETL development, KPI dashboard creation, and descriptive and predictive analytics, and have also gained experience in marketing analysis and business consulting. Additionally, I have a background in running my own eBay business and have earned a Power Seller title. I am passionate about using data to drive insights and improve business performance.  

The following are my data analytics projects.   

## Project 1： BigMart Sales Prediction  
### Why do I choose this subject?   
As a data analyst, I choose to work on the BigMart sales data analysis project because it offers an opportunity to gain insights into the operations of a large supermarket chain. The project is focused on building a sales forecasting model that can assist decision-makers in predicting the sales status of individual products in specific stores. By analyzing the large amount of data generated by customers while shopping, I can identify the relationships between different variables and offer recommendations for improving the overall sales situation. By optimizing inventory management, product placement, and other aspects of operations, the BigMart can increase sales and maintain a competitive advantage in the highly competitive retail industry. The project offers a challenging and rewarding opportunity to apply data analysis techniques to real-world business problems and drive meaningful impact.    
    
### Dataset Backgroud:   
BigMart is One Stop Shopping center. The data scientists collected 2013 sales data which included 1559 products across 10 stores in different cities. BigMart Dataset was downloaded from www.zenodo.org. It has 14204 samples.  

### Variable Description: 
**Item Identifier**: Unique product ID  
**Item Weight**: Weight of item  
**Item Fat Content**: Levels of fat in items: ‘Low Fat’, ‘Regular’, ‘low fat’, ‘LF’, ‘reg’  
**Item Visibility**: The display area allocated to an item in each store  
**Item Type**: The category to which the item belongs: ‘Dairy’, ‘Soft Drinks’, ‘Meat’, ‘Fruits and Vegetables’, ‘Household’, ‘Baking Goods’, ‘Snack Foods’, ‘Frozen Foods’, ‘Breakfast’, ’Health and Hygiene’, ‘Hard Drinks’, ‘Canned’, ‘Breads’, ‘Starchy Foods’, ‘Others’, ‘Seafood’  
**Item MRP**: Maximum Retail Price of the item (list price)  
**Outlet Identifier**: Unique store ID of the outlet where item sold  
**Outlet Establishment Year**: The year was in which store was established  
**Outlet Size**: Outlet size at different levels: ‘Medium’, ‘High’, ‘Small’  
**Outlet Location Type**: The type of city in which the store is located: ‘Tier 1’, ‘Tier 2’, ‘Tier 3’  
**Outlet Type**: Outlet type whether it is a grocery store or some sort of supermarket: ‘Supermarket Type1’, ‘Supermarket Type2’, ‘Supermarket Type3’, ‘Grocery Store’  
**Item Outlet Sales**: Sales of the items in the particular store      

### The Methodology That I Use:  
